[THEME MUSIC]
>> SÉBASTIEN MARTIN:
They buried his body,
and then they buried the
whole site, the whole site,
22 square miles of dirt.
But no one knows
exactly how they did it.
A short Grey alien with
a big head on a wall
being depicted looking
at Emperor Qin.
Everything was
lit, but it was not
lit by torches or
artificial lights.
It was lit by an unusual,
everlasting green light that was
like a flame, a green flame.
>> JOSH GOLEMBESKE: OK, this is
like leading up to be the next
Indiana Jones movie.
>>MARTIN: So those
rivers are flowing
mercury inside the
mausoleum still to this day.
>> JOSH: It's one of Earth's
greatest ancient mysteries,
a hidden tomb filled
with strange symbols,
lost technology, and rumors
of an alien connection.
Today on Cosmic
Disclosure, we're
joined by Sébastien Martin.
We're here to explore the
secrets of Emperor Qin's
mausoleum.
I'm Josh Golembeske, MUFON field
investigator and your guest host
today.
Sébastien, welcome
back to the show.
>> MARTIN: Well, thank you
very much for having me again.
>> JOSH: How did you find out
about this remarkable story
about Emperor Qin
and the mausoleum?
And how did you hear about it?
And who is Emperor Qin too?
>> MARTIN: Yes, well, he was
the first emperor of China.
In fact, the name China came
from his name, Qi, Chi, China.
So he basically
became the major force
that consolidated all
the people of China
together to make it one country.
And this was around 200 BC.
So at that time, all
the people of China
were fighting each
other for territory,
and they didn't have
an actual structure.
So Emperor Qin created a
structure for the country,
came up with a new
monetary system,
came up with a crossbow idea.
>> JOSH: Interesting.
>> MARTIN: So he came up with a
new feat of engineering that no
one else ever seen before.
Or the languages that were used
in China then were all dialects.
And he formed a unified
language for the whole country.
>> JOSH: OK.
Very important prominent
historical figure.
>> MARTIN: Very, very important.
He died of mercury poisoning
because he believed that mercury
was making him immortal.
So he kept drinking elixirs of
base of mercury and other metals
and stuff like that,
that basically killed him
at the age of 48 years old.
So he was pretty
young when he died.
But he started the mausoleum,
the mausoleum early
on because I think it
took about 37 years
to build in his lifetime.
So he knew that eventually,
he was going to die,
and the mausoleum
was going to be
his resting place with
his concubines, pretty
much everybody he knew,
even his generals.
The mausoleum was created in
a swamp, so it was very wet.
And they had to create a
drainage system all around it.
But Emperor Qin
chose that location.
And the reason why he
chose that location
was to do with the
cardinal points heading
towards the Orion star system.
So nobody knew why at the
time, but the Egyptians
believed the same thing.
They also orientated their
pyramids towards the Orion star
system as well.
>> JOSH: So this mausoleum
was constructed in a swamp,
which is bizarre, but it makes
sense now because it was aligned
with the stars.
>> MARTIN: Mm-hmm.
>> JOSH: And this mausoleum is
famous for the Terracotta Army,
right?
>> MARTIN: Yes, the
Terracotta soldiers,
they were built to be exactly
the same height as a regular
soldier in those days.
And they each had
different faces.
They were all basically painted
over to look like the armies.
I think they were like over
8,000 to 10,000 soldiers.
And each one of
them got smashed.
Nobody really knows this.
But when they were
buried underground,
pillagers decided to go in
and break off all the statues
during the next dynasty.
So right after the Qin dynasty,
the new dynasty took it over.
And then they knew somehow
that those Terracotta soldiers
were there, and they
decided to smash them all.
>> JOSH: Smash them or steal
them and sell them kind
of thing?
>> MARTIN: No, just smash them.
>> JOSH: Just smash them.
>> MARTIN: They were made
of terracotta or clay,
so they had no value in them.
>> JOSH: Oh, OK.
>> MARTIN: So they
just smashed them.
>> JOSH: That makes sense.
>> MARTIN: They didn't want
to leave any trace almost
of the emperor.
But they could not go into
the tomb of the Emperor Qin
because, one, it
was booby trapped.
Two, they had heavy
mercury inside it,
which is where we
know from radars,
and we can go deep
inside the earth
to see that there is
an actual river system
to mimic all the rivers of
China within that mausoleum.
The mausoleum is over
22 square miles big.
>> JOSH: Oh, wow.
Yeah, that's--
>> MARTIN: It's massive.
>> JOSH: --a lot Bigger than I
had in my head for some reason.
>> MARTIN: Yes.
And there were
two access points.
So today, the archaeologists
would tell you
nobody has gone in.
Nobody has been able
to investigate and see
what's inside because
it's too dangerous, one.
And they didn't have
the technology somehow
to go in because they are
afraid of destroying evidence.
>> JOSH: So to this point,
no one has opened it.
It's been shut down.
>> MARTIN: Officially speaking--
>> JOSH: Officially, right.
>> MARTIN: Officially
speaking, no one opened it,
but the army was there.
>> JOSH: OK.
>> MARTIN: So you have to
realize that when it was first
discovered, the most solemn
and especially the Terracotta
soldiers, the whole site
was buried, the whole site.
>> JOSH: All 20 miles.
>> MARTIN: Everything.
Everything was buried, including
the Terracotta soldiers,
including the mausoleum.
There was nothing sticking out.
It was basically all buried.
It's a farmer who
decided to plow his field
and came across the first
Terracotta soldier statue--
>> JOSH: Wow, that's
quite a moment.
>> MARTIN: --while
plowing his field.
>> JOSH: All right.
Sébastien, so the mercury
aspect is interesting
because you mentioned before
that the emperor used mercury
in his life, and
he thought it had
some sort of anti-aging thing.
And then the mausoleum itself
had rivers made of mercury or--
>> MARTIN: That's correct.
>> JOSH: --rivers of mercury?
>> MARTIN: Yes.
Yes, pure mercury, to the
point that even today we
realize that the
mercury is leaching out
outside the mausoleum.
So they know that there
is a very high evidence
of high dosage of mercury
inside the mausoleum.
But not only that,
but they actually
had a very complex system
that still to this day,
there is a flow in those rivers.
So those rivers are flowing
mercury inside the mausoleum
still to this day.
It's been ongoing,
flowing rivers
and to mimic all
the rivers of China.
And the reason why
you use mercury
is because it was still
a symbol of the afterlife
and also to mimic the other
side-- the other world.
He duplicated the whole
of China inside his tomb
because this was his afterlife.
What I know of from the people
I interacted with in China
is that one person
in particular,
was a high ranking officer in
the Chinese army, was invited--
once he retired, he was
invited by one of his friends
back in 1999 to go
inside the mausoleum.
And when he said to me that
he went inside the mausoleum
with his friends,
they were wearing
gas masks because of the heavy
chemicals from the mercury.
>> JOSH: From the mercury, yeah.
>> MARTIN: And all the
booby traps were gone.
So there were two access
points to go to the mausoleum.
He went to one of them that
is not known to the public.
And because obviously, it's
according to knowledge,
no one has been inside.
But the whole army was on
site, and they were protecting
the sites from the public.
So at that point, it
was closed to the public
for either renovation,
whatever excuses they found.
But the army went in in 1999.
>> JOSH: 1999?
>> MARTIN: Yeah.
>> JOSH: OK.
Before we go any further,
why was it buried?
Do we know?
Is that just natural, or are
they purposely buried it?
>> MARTIN: No, it
was purposely buried.
Any site, especially
for him, the Emperor Qin
knew how barbaric
other people would be,
especially the next dynasty.
There were a lot of leaders,
people of wealth and power
within China.
And he was fighting them all.
So when he became a leader,
he still had enemies.
He was still very
young when he died.
So he still had living enemies.
And he wanted to
make sure that when
he died that his sites
would never be found.
>> JOSH: OK.
This is like leading up to be
the next Indiana Jones movie.
So Chen is there in the
late '90s with the army.
The first time he's going to
go in, what did he experience?
What are all the surprising
or unexpected things
that he witnessed inside?
>> MARTIN: Well, first of
all, it's the sheer size
of the mausoleum that he
described with all the paintings
or the colors inside and the
fact that everything was lit.
But it was not lit by
torches or artificial light.
It was lit by an unusual,
everlasting green light that
was like a flame,
a green flame that
was emanating from
the mausoleum,
and it was lighting
up the whole area.
>> JOSH: Like one flame.
>> MARTIN: No, no, no.
Many, many--
>> JOSH: Many flames.
OK.
>> MARTIN: So that
you can imagine, like,
hundreds and hundreds of
torches all around illuminating
the whole area for
that space that, like,
the equivalent of like 52
football fields, it's massive.
This was the alien
technology 100%.
>> JOSH: OK.
>> MARTIN: So that's where
it all started for him.
When he first saw those
candles lighting up
in a pale green flame, he could
not understand what those were.
And he asked, and his
friend, the soldier
said those flames were
there when you arrived.
So they've been like
this, illuminating
that space for all this time.
>> JOSH: Wow, that
is so fascinating.
>> MARTIN: And it never stopped.
And still to this day, I think
they probably left them there.
I don't know.
They didn't want to disturb it.
>> JOSH: Yeah, I
wouldn't touch that.
>> MARTIN: But what he explained
as well is that when he went
through the tunnel, they
had massive crossbows,
so huge crossbows in the
entryway with basically was
impaling anybody
who was coming in.
So like with long
sticks and enough
to kill like 10
people in one shot.
>> JOSH: So a booby trap.
>> MARTIN: One of
them, yes, yes.
But it seems like the
army already went in.
He wasn't aware.
Chen wasn't aware of what
went on because he was already
retired from the army.
And he was invited
by his friends
to have a look because
they just opened it.
So when he went in, he was told
that obviously a lot of work
has gone through to go
through this passageway.
And some people
died, some people,
because they were
trying to get in.
And at that time, they
were just determined
to go in and check it out.
And so when they went
in, that's when it really
changed everything for him.
He basically
described the ceiling
with stars that
were illuminating.
There were light, bright,
almost like phosphorous looking.
And he could recognize
some star systems
on the ceiling and some
that were not known to man.
>> JOSH: That's interesting.
Did they figure out what these--
>> MARTIN: They still
don't know what those are.
>> JOSH: Oh, OK.
>> MARTIN: And Orion is one
of them, funnily enough.
And then I believe
there was the Big
Dipper and all of these things.
So those known
constellations were seen.
But again, there were
other constellations
found on the ceiling that
even scientists today
do not know what they mean.
>> JOSH: OK.
So these constellations,
they didn't recognize,
those are separate
from the Orion system.
>> MARTIN: Yes, yes.
>> JOSH: There was a
connection to the Orion.
We saw those star systems
and then separate star
systems where they had no idea.
>> MARTIN: That's correct.
>> JOSH: Just looked
completely foreign.
>> MARTIN: Yes.
>> JOSH: OK.
>> MARTIN: And they
look very distinctive.
You could see that
there was almost
like a space between
each constellations
to really identify
them and separate them.
So everything was
detached on the ceiling
to make it a very clear
picture in the sky of very
specific points that
were put together
to make it look like the
star systems we know of
and the constellations we know
of with the equal distance
between each star that
we have in the sky today.
So they already
had that knowledge
to display it on the
ceiling in that chamber.
>> JOSH: So these constellations
they are seeing on the ceiling,
some of them seem like it's from
our perspective on Earth looking
out.
>> MARTIN: That's right.
>> JOSH: Could it be
possible that the ones they
didn't recognize are from
another solar system,
looking towards us or
looking somewhere else?
>> MARTIN: Mm-hmm.
I mean, it's possible that,
let's say, alien beings
created those maps
for the Qin emperor
to create on that ceiling that
they gave them coordinates
and from their perspective.
So while from Earth, we
recognize those constellations,
it is possible that from a
viewpoint of the Orion star
systems, for
example, looking out,
you may be able to see
constellations or star systems
that we can't see from Earth.
So it's from their
perspective instead of being
from the human perspective.
That's possible.
>> JOSH: OK, got it, got it.
We don't know for sure,
but it's possible.
>> MARTIN: Right.
>> JOSH: All right,
let's keep going.
So they're exploring
this giant structure.
They're moving on.
They eventually get
to the king's chamber,
where there's mercury rivers
that mimic the rivers of China.
What else is going
on-- what else do
you want to point out that
happened in the king's chamber?
>> MARTIN: Mm-hmm.
So basically you walk
through this chamber,
you have to go
from the top down.
So you go through the
stairways made out of clay,
and then you go down, and then
you just get to this chamber
that's--
the actual emperor's
mausoleum or chamber
is smaller than
the 22 square miles
complex, because it's
just an isolated chamber
just for the emperor.
So there's no other dead
bodies in there, just himself
in his tomb and then
all the artifacts
around the chamber with
all these lighting candles.
I mean, the mausoleum itself or
the resting place of the emperor
is still huge.
It's still massive, but the
whole complex is bigger.
>> JOSH: But it's subterranean.
So you go down--
>> MARTIN: It's subterranean.
>> JOSH: --the stairways, and
you keep getting lower and lower
till you get to the chamber.
>> MARTIN: Yes, that's right.
You keep going down, down
until you reach the chamber.
And then everything is dried.
There's no leakage from
water or nothing else.
But within the chamber,
this is where you
see all these flowing rivers.
So the whole
landscape of China has
been reshaped around the
tomb of the emperor--
>> JOSH: OK.
So only in that room,
only in that room is the--
>> MARTIN: Only in that room
is where the flowing mercury is
located.
>> JOSH: OK.
>> MARTIN: Yes.
And so you have the flowing
mercury with that flowing
river with nobody
knows still what's
the mechanism of
making that river
flow through the whole chamber.
That nobody knows.
And the ceiling is so
vast that they could only
recognize certain
constellations and star
systems that we know of.
But that went further
into weirdness
when they saw the tomb of the
emperor and was well decorated.
He had lots of jars,
potteries around it.
The point that the
friend said to him
was, we found some
jars with food in them,
or dried foods and seeds.
And one of those seeds
were actually tomato seeds.
Now tomato seeds were not
introduced to the world until
the 1500s.
>> JOSH: That's confusing.
>> MARTIN: And those seeds
were inside the mausoleum.
And they analyzed those
seeds, and they realized
that they came from Peru.
>> JOSH: OK, let me
get this straight.
There was tomato seeds from
Peru inside the chamber.
>> MARTIN: Yes.
>> JOSH: What was
the speculation?
What did they say about that?
What's the answer?
How did it get there?
Do we know?
>> MARTIN: Yes, so they
analyzed the seeds.
They obviously went
through machines
and were able to determine that
those seeds came from Peru.
And obviously in Peru, they
had tomatoes and tomato seeds.
But the question
is, how did they
bring them from there to China?
>> JOSH: So somehow Peru
and China were interacting
potentially.
Or are you saying something
a little more interesting?
>> MARTIN: Well, if you think
about the Nazca lines in Peru
and how they have those
mountains completely shaved off
with landing strips, and they
have a 50 long kilometer plateau
with different symbols.
Obviously, we know that this
was involving alien technology
as well.
And it's possible that the
beings involved at Nazca
were also in communications
with the Emperor Qin.
Now, this is not
speculation, by the way.
This is based on
what Chen told me,
that he saw a short gray
alien with a big head
on a wall being depicted
looking at Emperor Qin.
So they were facing
each other on that wall.
>> JOSH: Inside his chamber.
>> MARTIN: Inside the
chamber in the mausoleum.
Yes.
So when Chen looked
at the adjacent wall,
there was basically a
depiction of the Emperor
Qin with a short Grey alien
who was like 4 to 5 feet tall.
And he had a big head, a
bigger head than a human being.
And he had silted eyes.
He looked like he was in
a conversation with him.
But that's what was
depicted on the wall.
And that shocked him.
And I believe that this
was the main reason why
the Chinese government
decided to keep it quiet
and do not wish to reveal this
information to the public.
>> JOSH: Wow.
OK.
>> MARTIN: And yeah.
>> JOSH: OK, OK, OK, OK.
This is a big reveal.
So classic Grey alien,
you say a big head.
The Grey aliens always
big with giant heads.
Slanted eyes, you mean the
classic big black eyes.
>> MARTIN: Yes, mm-hmm.
>> JOSH: And you mentioned
that the Grey alien was about 4
and 1/2 feet tall.
Was this like a
life size depiction
of a real event or
potential real event?
>> MARTIN: Exactly, yes.
And because the Emperor Qin's--
his size was already, I
believe, mentioned in the books.
So they knew how tall he was.
I think he was maybe 5 feet 6.
And that alien was probably
more like 4 feet 5.
>> JOSH: So this is like a
hieroglyphic on the wall,
etched into the wall.
What does that look like?
Just be clear about the
artwork for a second.
>> MARTIN: Yes.
Well, it was painted.
It looks like the Emperor
Qin was dressed up
in ceremonial clothing.
And the Grey alien
had no clothing on.
He was just a Grey alien.
And he was painted in
a gray colored format.
>> JOSH: So Qin was like,
colorful, like they--
>> MARTIN: Yes, he
was in full color.
He was all painted
like a cartoon.
And the Grey alien was also
painted with the gray colors
and the black eyes.
So he was depicted exactly
how it looked like.
And that was the
biggest shock to Chen
when he saw those
depictions, knowing
that everything in this room
didn't make any sense to him.
Everything was new.
Obviously he was able to
understand that those seeds are
not from here.
They were from Peru.
The weaponry that they found
inside were not crossbows
and archers stuff like.
There were no bows and arrows.
They were like alien
technologies inside,
laser beams weapons inside the
mausoleum that were lying there.
And some of them were big.
He described them as being
maybe like 8 feet tall and pure
metallic.
They had no idea what the
technology was, how it was used.
There was no manual
that came with it,
but it was laying down on
the ground basically still
on display, almost
like a museum.
So it was still up the
ground-- above ground.
>> JOSH: Oh, so not
just left on the floor--
>> MARTIN: It was left on the
floor, but it was on the floor,
basically on display, like,
exactly without any notations,
nothing.
He do not explain what it was.
Same as the seeds,
nothing was explained.
It was just basically clay
pots with seeds inside.
>> JOSH: How did you
know it was a laser?
Can you explain?
Was it a gun?
Did it have a trigger?
Like explain.
>> MARTIN: Yeah, this is
what Chen described it as.
He said you had some
bluish coloring to it.
It was very clear,
like metal, very shiny.
And to him, he said it looked
like a laser beam of some sort,
or you could shoot
at, from or something.
How it was activated
or used was unknown.
They just knew
that someone could
have held this piece of
equipment that was 8 feet long--
>> JOSH: Yeah, I was going
to say 8 feet tall, that's--
>> MARTIN: 8 feet long.
But it was designed like
someone could lift it--
>> JOSH: Like one person.
>> MARTIN: --and shoot from it.
Not one person.
I don't know.
>> JOSH: OK.
>> MARTIN: But they
believe this was a weapon.
And he never strayed
away from that thought.
It's not something that
I questioned him on,
but he basically said I
was told this was a weapon.
>> JOSH: Did they
just leave it there?
I would imagine the
government took it and tried
to reverse engineer it.
>> MARTIN: Mm-hmm.
Yeah, so that's
very interesting.
And the fact is,
Chen was invited
as soon as the chamber
was opened to the army.
So they didn't have
much time to do a lot.
They already were
able to analyze
the seeds on site with the
equipment that they had.
So that was quickly done.
The army didn't have time
to raid the whole place,
and they just were basically
just in the process of doing it.
It was so fresh
that just happened.
Like the tomb basically was
just made open to the army.
And Chen was invited
by his friend.
Only very few people already
saw the chamber itself.
So they had no time to
really do much then there.
>> JOSH: OK.
Yeah, that makes sense.
I bet it's not there anymore.
>> MARTIN: No, probably not.
>> JOSH: Yeah, yeah.
>> MARTIN: Yeah.
>> JOSH: So the big takeaways
in the chamber were this 8-foot
long potential laser weapon,
this depiction between Emperor
Qin and a Grey alien.
>> MARTIN: Yes.
>> JOSH: And then I think
the mercury is also amazing,
incredible.
So is there anything
else about the chamber
that you want to
point out that was--
>> MARTIN: The flame, so the
green flame that was going
the everlasting flame, nobody
knew what was the component
of that.
They tried to analyze
the flame, but they
couldn't find out where it
came from or what was made of.
>> JOSH: Really?
>> MARTIN: No.
And they could not
even show it off.
They could not
close put something
like a tight lid over it
and then make it disappear.
It was everlasting.
>> JOSH: Wow.
>> MARTIN: So they could not
contain it with the technology
that they had then.
So that's why they left them
there, because they could not
contain it.
>> JOSH: Sébastien, this is
like an incredible facility,
this mausoleum.
>> MARTIN: Yes.
>> JOSH: The engineering feats
alone seem incredible for that
time period.
>> MARTIN: It was.
>> JOSH: What do you
have to say about that?
>> MARTIN: Well, obviously they
came up with a new design made
out of clay, which was new
structures for those days, like,
previous mausoleums for
previous leaders within China,
and there were some.
They buried them in dirt
and very basic material.
And it was not elaborate enough.
Qin had the thought of one
choosing a very swampy area
underground to be
completely buried
and disappearing from the
surface of this world,
knowing that there was
rivers and water that
was going towards it.
So they had to basically change
the shape of the adjacent land
to create the mausoleum.
So they completely
changed the way
the rivers were flowing
around the mausoleums
before they even
started the work.
>> JOSH: Oh, OK.
>> MARTIN: And that was
a huge feat on its own.
So while they put
clay pipes and they
were able to divert swampy
water to go around the mausoleum
and to not go inside, that alone
was a huge feat of engineering.
>> JOSH: Well, it sounds like
there's definitely ET tech going
on with the engineering of this,
but also just human ingenuity.
The China--
>> MARTIN: They didn't
have the knowledge then.
They didn't have that knowledge.
>> JOSH: Really?
Even the landscape--
>> MARTIN: That was all new.
Everything was new.
Nobody knew where it came from.
>> JOSH: Oh.
>> MARTIN: This
was completely new.
That was not something that was
taken from previous generations.
They literally designed
something completely new
coming out of nowhere,
the same way as like Qin
created so many new things and
novel things for his country.
Nobody knows exactly
why he did it,
why he wanted to create
a unified language
for the whole of China.
>> JOSH: He was--
>> MARTIN: He knew something
that other people didn't.
>> JOSH: Yeah, it's interesting.
>> MARTIN: So everything was
designed around the knowledge
of something greater than
the knowledge of those days.
>> JOSH: Well, I guess what
I'm getting at is it seems like
still humans built it, but they
had knowledge that was beyond
human.
>> MARTIN: Yes.
>> JOSH: Does that make sense?
>> MARTIN: Yes, completely.
I mean, the whole site is
designed exactly the way
the pyramids of
Egypt were designed,
but on a much larger
scale, much larger.
>> JOSH: Yeah, 22
miles is obviously--
>> MARTIN: Yeah 22 square miles.
>> JOSH: Yeah.
>> MARTIN: This is much,
much larger than the pyramids
of Egypt.
Anything on that level
was a feat of engineering.
And also the way they buried the
whole site, nobody knows how,
how they were able to bury
the whole site under dirt
in such a short period of time.
Think about it.
>> JOSH: What do you mean,
short period of time?
Because--
>> MARTIN: Well, they
basically when he died,
when the emperor died,
they buried his body.
And then they buried the
whole site, the whole site,
22 square miles of dirt.
But no one knows
exactly how they did it.
>> JOSH: I need some
clarity on something.
So this is all coming from a
gentleman named Chen, right?
>> MARTIN: Yes.
>> JOSH: So there's more going
on here than a burial chamber.
>> MARTIN: Yes.
>> JOSH: What can
you say about that?
>> MARTIN: So my belief, based
on what I heard and what I was
able to intuitively
know about this place,
was that Emperor Qin, while
interacting with the Grey
aliens, was promised
that in the afterlife,
this chamber was basically
acting as a gateway for him
to go into this world,
go into Orion, perhaps.
So he could go there with his
conquering army to go to Orion
and meet with the Grey
aliens in the afterlife,
but not as a human form.
>> JOSH: Wow.
>> MARTIN: That's
what I believe.
I believe that this whole place
was designed for that purpose.
>> JOSH: But you
believe that or that--
>> MARTIN: I believe that, yes.
>> JOSH: Chen said that or--
>> MARTIN: No, he
didn't say that.
>> JOSH: --that's more your
opinion on the whole setup.
>> MARTIN: I believe that
based on my intuition,
based on what I was able to
do to connect to this place,
that seems right to me that he
was actually such in contact
with those beings, that he just
wanted to go there and visit it,
because he had no
time in his lifetime.
>> JOSH: What did Chen say
specifically about the ET
on the wall and its
relation to Emperor Qin.
>> MARTIN: He was so shocked.
And he got scared
at the same time.
He said to me that
if that ever came out
or if his name ever was known,
he could be in big trouble
even today.
>> JOSH: Do we think that the
mausoleum will ever be fully
excavated and
publicly available?
>> MARTIN: I don't know.
I don't believe so.
Not because I think the
government of China--
the Communist Party
really believe
that they have their
own history and ways
of showing the people of China,
and it's very regimented.
So if they go astray and
start talking about aliens,
it won't go well with the
Communist Party of China.
>> JOSH: OK.
>> MARTIN: It doesn't really
coincide with their belief
systems as well.
>> JOSH: Yeah, yeah.
>> MARTIN: They don't want
to go into new religions
because of that.
So they are very much in
line with one religion.
They are trying to put away
other types of religions
that could be perceived as
extreme or extreme religions.
So I think this would be a
huge turning point for people
starting questioning even
the existence of the origin
of the Chinese population.
So therefore I believe
that this, the mausoleum
will always remain buried.
I don't believe that they
will open it to the public
anytime soon.
>> JOSH: Wow.
Well, Sébastien, I could
talk to you all day.
This was amazing information.
Again, thank you
for coming forward
with this story and everything
you've come forward with so far.
I look forward to
future conversations.
>> MARTIN: All right.
Well, thank you very
much again for having me.
>> JOSH: My name
is Josh Golembeske.
You're watching
Cosmic Disclosure.
We'll see you next time.
[THEME MUSIC]